SRVCOM-2437 Cut serverless content from main distro topic maps - enterprise, dedicated and ROSA (#60773)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless/about/about-serverless.adoc

[NOTE]
====
Because {ServerlessProductName} releases on a different cadence from {product-title}, the {ServerlessProductName} documentation is now available as separate documentation sets for each minor version of the product. 

The {ServerlessProductName} documentation is available at link:https://docs.openshift.com/serverless/[].

> Documentation for specific versions is available using the version selector dropdown, or directly by adding the version to the URL, for example, link:https://docs.openshift.com/serverless/1.28[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for specific versions is available using the version selector drop-down list, or directly by adding the version to the URL, for example, link:https://docs.openshift.com/serverless/1.28[].
```
Revise per ISG guidance: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-ui#drop_down_list

> In addition, the {ServerlessProductName} documentation is also available on the Red Hat Portal at https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_serverless/[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the {ServerlessProductName} documentation is also available on the Red Hat Customer Portal at https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_serverless/[].
```
